Add Documentation - Framework reference (#1880)
kuzzleio/kuzzle: doc/2/framework/classes/backend-logger/debug/index.md

---
code: true
type: page
title: debug
description: BackendLogger.debug method
---

# `debug()`

Logs a debug message.

::: info

> This method can only be used after application startup.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This method can only be used after application started up.
```
